Optimize doc descriptions for search engines (#1304)
vaadin/docs: articles/application/index.asciidoc

title: Creating an Application
order: 20
section-nav: expanded
page-title: "Creating a Hilla Application"

> description: "In Hilla application architecture, TypeScript views connect with server-side Java endpoints that can provide business data and logic."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "In Hilla applications, TypeScript views connect with server-side Java endpoints that can provide business data and logic."
```
